Block Subscription Design Doc

This is the desired functionality for Block Subscription. It doesn't yet go into
detail about how to implement it.

An author can share a list of accounts they think others should block. This list
must be a subset of accounts the author blocks.

An author can add and remove accounts from their list.

By default, when an author blocks accounts on Twitter, those accounts are added
to the author's shared block list.

When an author unblocks accounts on Twitter, those accounts are removed from the
author's shared block list.

An author can manually remove an account from their shared block list even though
they still block that account.

A subscriber can subscribe to shared block lists, up to a limit of 10
subscriptions. An author can have any number of subscribers.

When an author adds an account to their shared block list, that author's
subscribers automatically block that account.

Subscribers will not automatically block accounts they currently follow.

When an author removes an account from their shared block list, each of that
author's subscribers automatically unblocks the account, if:
 - the subscriber has never manually blocked the account, AND
 - the account is not on any other shared block lists subscribed to by the
   subscriber.

If an author subscribes to other authors' block lists or uses one of the 'block
new accounts' features, account they auto-block through these mechanisms do not
get added to their shared block list.

If a account on a shared block list is suspended, deactivated, or deleted, that
account's user id remains on that shared block list indefinitely. If the
account is unsuspended or reactivated, anyone who newly subscribed to the
shared block list while that account was suspended or deactivated will block
them as soon as Block Together notices the reactivation.

A subscriber can view a list of authors whose shared block lists they subscribe to.

A subscriber can unsubscribe from an authors' block list. When they do this,
any accounts that the subscriber blocked solely because of that block list
will be unblocked.

An author can view a list of subscribers to their block list.

An author can remove individual subscribers to their block list. When they do
this, the subscribers do not automatically unblock the accounts that they blocked
via the author's block list.

An author can disable the sharing URL for their block list. When they do this,
they retain their subscribers, but are asked whether they would like to remove
those subscribers.

If the author of a shared block list is suspended, deactivated, or deleted,
their shared block list and list of subscribers are stored for 30 days, after
which they are deleted, unless the author has been unsuspended or reactivated
in the meantime.

If a subscriber is suspended, deactivated, or deleted, no auto-blocks are
attempted on their account until they are unsuspended or reactivated. When the
subscriber is unsuspended or reactivated, Block Together will retroactively
apply any auto-blocks that would have been applied.
